Added model component to dg (#97)
AY2122S1-CS2113T-T12-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

<>

### Model Component

> The `model` package contains the `InstrumentManager` class and the main parent class `Instrument`. It is defined

Reviewer: Avoid saying main parent class<- its not exactly the main, instrumentManager class and instrument are both like equally important and do different stuff. Can just say contains both the InstrumentManager and Instrument class

in `InstrumentManager.java` and `Instrument.java` respectively. This figure below represents the class diagram of 
how the different class work together:

<>

The `Model` component:

> 1. Stores the instrument data through `Instrument` objects which are contained in the `InstrumentManager`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Stores the instrument data through `Instrument` objects which are contained and managed by the `InstrumentManager`
```

^ something like this

2. Contains an abstract parent `Instrument` class. The 4 child sub-instrument classes `Crypto`, `Etf`, `Forex` and 

> `Stock` implements the Overridden methods (e.g. toList()).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Stock` implements the Overridden methods (e.g. `toList()`).
```

to highlight the method

> 3. Contains the `InstrumentManager` which manages the list of instruments (e.g. add a new instrument to the list).

Reviewer: Can add in point about InstrumentManager being a singleton because its imperative that only one Manager exists and that there are no way for a user to add instrument to different lists etc

> 4. Does not depend on any of the other components (as the `Model` component represents data on the instruments and can 

Reviewer: Rephrase to like "Does not have any dependencies on any other components, as the instrument is meant to responsible solely for the data representation and modification" 
^something like this

> exist on its own).

Reviewer: can change to bullet points, we are not exactly describing a seq here

> The figure below represents the sequence diagram when the user wants to add a crypto:

Reviewer: Can remove first, I notice the sequence diagrams for parser may also show an equivalent like add stock. But I think the sequence diagram for adding an instrument seems more appropriate here. What do you think? Do you have an alternative seq diagram we can show for parser?

Author: ur diagram would be between parser and command and mine would be passed from command right? Maybe can show a different functionality for this component like delete an instrument instead. But i think both would need a sequence diagram? Ill delete this part first then

Reviewer: Yea I think the seq diagram maybe we can think of better functionality, add functionality is definitely the hardest, maybe both parser and instrument we can go for something simpler like delete, list or edit
